Update the deployment guide (#744)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/deploy/deploy-your-component.md

To deploy a component, follow the steps below:

1. Open your component in the Choreo Console, and in the left pane, click **Deploy**.

> 2. To select a specific version of the component you want to deploy, click the first card in the **Build Area** card, select the required commit in the **Configure & Deploy** pane, and click **Select**.

Author: Corrected this step, and added a new step to select a version.

    - If your component is a REST API, REST API proxy, or GraphQL API, you can optionally provide a [sandbox endpoint](#enter-sandbox-endpoint) for testing purposes.
    - If your component is a scheduled trigger, you need to enter the time interval at which the trigger should be activated.

6. If you do not want Choreo to automatically deploy the component after each commit that edits its implementation, toggle the **Auto Deploy on Commit** switch to disable automatic deployment,

7. Observe the progress of the deployment from the console.

    ![Deployment progress](../assets/img/tutorials/rest-api/deployment-progress.png){.cInlineImage-full}

Once you deploy the component, the **Development** card indicates that the component is active in the development environment.

![Deployed component](../assets/img/tutorials/rest-api/deployed-api.png){.cInlineImage-full}

Now you can test your deployed component to check if it is working as expected.

## Update an empty GitHub repository

When a component with Ballerina as the build preset does not contain a file with the `.bal` in its GitHub path, the **Build Area** card displays the message shown in the image below.

> ![Empty GitHub repository](../assets/img/deploy/empty-github-repository.png){.cInlineImage-full}

Reviewer: we consider the repo empty if it has only *.md or .gitkeep or .gitignore or LICENCE files only. When there is a .bal file it doesn't show the repository as empty

Author: Corrected as specified.

6. Enter values in the **Configure & Deploy** pane if required, as in the following examples:

    - If your component implementation includes [configurable variables](#configure-variables), enter values for them.

>     - If your component is a REST API, REST API proxy, or GraphQL API, you can optionally provide a [sandbox endpoint](#enter-sandbox-endpoint) for testing purposes.

Reviewer 2: we support sandbox for byoc rest as well

    - If your component is a scheduled trigger, you need to enter the time interval at which Choreo needs to activate the trigger.

7. If you do not want Choreo to automatically deploy the component after each commit that edits its implementation, toggle the **Auto Deploy on Commit** switch to disable automatic deployment,

8. Observe the progress of the deployment from the console.

    ![Deployment progress](../assets/img/tutorials/rest-api/deployment-progress.png){.cInlineImage-full}

Once you deploy the component, the **Development** card indicates that the component is active in the development environment.

![Deployed component](../assets/img/tutorials/rest-api/deployed-api.png){.cInlineImage-full}

Now you can test your deployed component to check if it is working as expected.

## Update an empty GitHub repository

> When the GitHub path you have provided for a component with Ballerina as the build preset does not contain a `*.bal` file, but contains the `*.md`, `gitkeep`, `.gitignore`, or `LICENCE` file, Choreo considers the GitHub repository to be empty.

Reviewer 3: ``
```suggestion
When the GitHub path you have provided for a component with Ballerina as the build preset does not contain a `Ballerina.toml` to identify it as a Ballerina project, but contains the `*.md`, `gitkeep`, `.gitignore`, or `LICENCE` file, Choreo considers the GitHub repository to be empty.
```

In such a scenario, the **Build Area** card displays the message shown in the image below.

![Empty GitHub repository](../assets/img/deploy/empty-github-repository.png){.cInlineImage-full}

> You cannot deploy the component until you add a `*.bal` file with valid Ballerina code in the GitHub directory to which you provided the path when creating the component. However, to successfully deploy the component, you also need to do the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You cannot deploy the component until you add a [Ballerina project](https://ballerina.io/learn/organize-ballerina-code) in the GitHub directory to which you provided the path when creating the component. However, to successfully deploy the component, you also need to do the following:
```

> - Be sure that the implementation in the `.bal` file matches the component type. For example, if the component is a REST API, the `*.bal` file should contain an implementation for a REST API.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Be sure that the implementation matches the component type. For example, if the component is a REST API, the Ballerina project should contain an implementation for a REST API.
```

![Edit configurables](../assets/img/deploy/edit-configurables.png){.cInlineImage-full}

To learn how to define configurable variables, see [Ballerina Documentation -  Configurable Variables](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/configurable-variables/).

## Deploy automatically

Choreo enables automatic deployment for each component by default to automatically deploy it whenever a change is committed to the GitHub repository in which its implementation resides. You can disable it if required. However, Choreo requires you to perform the first deployment manually so that you can provide values for any [configurable variables](#configure-variables) that the component implementation may include.

An automatic deployment can fail due to one or more of the following reasons:

- If the code of the component implementation is invalid after the last change.
- If you added new configurable variables to the component implementation.
- If you deleted/changed one or more package dependencies (for more information, see [Ballerina Documentation- Organiza Ballerina Code](https://ballerina.io/learn/organize-ballerina-code/)).

## Enter sandbox endpoint

> A sandbox environment is a test environment where you can test a component before pushing it to production.

Reviewer 2: This definition can be improved.  
A sandbox API mirrors the production environment, where it has the same functionalities as the actual production environment which works with synthetic data so that consumers can test their application by simulating a production environment

Refer [1] for more context

[1]. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1unNuubWd1EJ4N9lk3eGOp1Tn9EiwY09QHkYBOgPKrAE/edit#

> A sandbox environment is a test environment where you can test a component before pushing it to production.

Reviewer 2: Since we currently only show 2 environments as Development and Production and sandbox is part of these, shall we avoid emphasizing on  word  _sandbox **environment**_

> To deploy a component to both the sandbox environment and the development environment, enter the sandbox environment URL as the sandbox endpoint and the API backend URL as the endpoint.

Reviewer 2: Maybe We can mention  is as, the user can generate a URL for the sandbox endpoint by configuring it?

![Sandbox endpoint](../assets/img/deploy/sandbox-endpoint.png){.cInlineImage-full }

> Once you publish a component with a sandbox endpoint, its users can access the sandbox endpoint from the [Developer Portal](../administer/customize-the-developer-portal.md) when viewing the component overview and trying it out.

Reviewer 2: shall we use `sandbox URL` instead of `sandbox endpoint`
